(DOCSP-16624) Backfills docs content for 5 clusters search indexes commands (#1606)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-clusters-search-indexes.txt

----------------

* :ref:`atlas-clusters-search-indexes-create` - Create a search index for a cluster.

> * :ref:`atlas-clusters-search-indexes-delete` - Delete the search index you specify from a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`atlas-clusters-search-indexes-delete` - Delete the specified search index from a cluster.
```

* :ref:`atlas-clusters-search-indexes-describe` - Return the details for the search index for a cluster.

> * :ref:`atlas-clusters-search-indexes-list` - List all Atlas search indexes for a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`atlas-clusters-search-indexes-list` - List all Atlas Search indexes for a cluster.
```
